fixed the official mysql package describe (#4772)
aspnetboilerplate/aspnetboilerplate: doc/WebSite/EF-Core-MySql-Integration.md

[Official MySQL EF Core Database Provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/providers/mysql/) and the
other is [Pomelo EF Core Database Provider for MySQL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/providers/pomelo/).

> > **NOTE:** The official provider [`MySql.Data.EntityFrameworkCore`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MySql.Data.EntityFrameworkCore) [supported EF Core 2.0 after version 6.10.5](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-net/en/connector-net-entityframework-core.html), but you have to do a lot change when using it,so the Pomelo EF Core Database Provider will be used in this example, instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** The official provider [`MySql.Data.EntityFrameworkCore`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MySql.Data.EntityFrameworkCore) [supports EF Core 2.0 after version 6.10.5](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-net/en/connector-net-entityframework-core.html), but you have to make a lot of changes when using it. So, the Pomelo EF Core Database Provider will be used in this example instead.
```

> 
> Related issue: https://github.com/aspnetboilerplate/aspnetboilerplate/issues/4007

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
```

> > Related link:  https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-net/en/connector-net-entityframework-core.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Related guide:  https://dev.mysql.com/doc/connector-net/en/connector-net-entityframework-core.html
```

### Create Database

> Remove all migration classes (include DbContextModelSnapshot) under **\*.EntityFrameworkCore/Migrations** folder, generally you can remove all files in the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove all migration classes (including DbContextModelSnapshot) under **\*.EntityFrameworkCore/Migrations** folder; generally, you can remove all files in that folder.
```
